Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to upload our products to the cloud faster database.
To do this, we have to create a new function.
Okay, over here.
I'm going to say void, and we can call this function upload data.
Okay.
In the future, we're going to be using the A8 and in order to use the await, we have to use the async
over here.
Okay.
And now what we can do is before we can upload the products, we can make sure the product images has
already been uploaded to the Firebase Storage.
To do that, we're going to have some check over here.
We can say if.
If emerge u r l list dot is not empty.
If it is not empty, it means the product.
The product images has been successfully uploaded to the Firebase Storage.
If it is not empty, what we want to do is to upload the product right.
And in order to upload the product to this cloud store database, we have to use that package which
we had earlier installed long ago.
That is the cloud faster package.
So what we have to do first is to import it.
So over here we can just go ahead and say Finder and it is a type of firebase faster and we can call
this variable on the score faster is going to be equal to Firebase faster dot instance.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can then use that.
Okay.
Back to this.
And now we can say on the score faster.
Faster.
Dot words.
That collection, which is referring to the collections we have, how all our products are going to
be stored.
Okay.
We are going to call this collection products.
That is all our products.
All our uploaded products is going to be stored in this directory called products.
And as you know.
We have to refer to each product.
That is, each product is going to be connected to this product collection.
So we have to say dock, dock.
The dock is basically referring to the document that is the single product we are uploading to our database.
And this products is referring to where this document is going to be stored.
And remember, this document or this dock is basically referring to each single product.
We are pulled into the database.
Okay.
And.
What we can just do is we can just stop here for now and we can specify the type of variable or the
type of value we want to store.
It is a type of something known as collection.
Collection with friends and.
E Or we can then call this viable product.
With that is the short form of product reference.
Okay.
And over here we can simply just say our weights and products ref.
And now we can see the dark.
That is the continuation of something like this.
Right.
So fully understand.
Okay.
And now we have to pass the name of each document.
Right.
But rather than passing names, we can just go ahead and leave it this way.
By leaving it this way, floater is going to automatically generate a unique document name for us.
Okay, so you can just go like this.
And now.
Sorry, get rid of that semicolon.
And now we can then say dot set.
The City Council is asking for the data.
It is a map.
This and this.
And now we is basically referring to the fields we want to store to our cloud faster database.
The first field is going to be the name of the category.
So we can say man category is going to be equal to men.
Category value.
Right.
Okay.
And.
The.
The sub category.
So category category is going to be equal to the sub category.
Category value.
And also we would like to store the price of the products.
This is going to say a price.
Prize.
Hopefully we have that and also we have to store.
How many?
How many products we have for that item so we can say in stock and this is going to be a core.
Quantity.
I think we do not have that.
Cookie quantity.
We do.
Okay.
And what we can also store is the product name.
And products.
Name.
Okay.
We also would like to store the product description.
You can just use a short form.
Most of the time you have to make things clear.
And products.
This Commission.
Okay.
We also can store maybe the UID of the user of the seller.
I think we call the seller uid is going to check this what we called it for the customer.
Sorry.
The seller's.
Okay.
Your ID.
And this has gotten from five base.
Faster.
You can just import it if you want to.
Firebase so far.
Discord's dot instance dot current user dot ui id via.
We need to know check.
Okay.
And what we can also store is the products images.
Right.
And this is going to be equal to image list.
So image your URL list.
Okay.
And.
We can also stall the discounts if the user is given discounts and defaults.
We're just going to set it to zero.
OC OC We want to save the main category the subcategory, the price, the product name, the product
description, the seller UI, the product images and the discounts.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Sims Good.
Sims Coach.
Sims good.
And what we can also do.
We have to get rid of this.
Why?
Okay.
I'm just going to get rid of this over here.
We basically do not need to print anything to ourselves.
I'm going to get rid of it.
And what we can do.
We have to get rid of this over a copy.
Your clipboard.
I'm going to show you why.
Because what we basically want to do is after.
And what we can just do is instead of upload called function upload products, we can call it upload
images.
Right.
And you're going to see why shortly.
And.
Over year.
We can then say thoughts went complete.
That is after uploading this item or this fields to the cloud faster database.
We want to do something.
Okay?
And now we can place the set state and you can see what we are basically doing is we are resetting the
image list.
Right.
And we are clearing the entire form.
And what we can also do.
We can reset the subcategory list, subcategory list and say we want it to be empty.
And also we can reset the main category of value and set it back to the default.
I think the default we just have to have the semicolon first.
I think the difference is select main category.
Okay.
Back to.
Is this over yet?
Okay.
And that's this basically it's and now how do we call this function?
Right.
So what we can then do is we can create a new function.
We can then create a new function void.
And we're going to call this function now upload product.
And we're going to be using the weight and that is the weight we need to think of.
So what we can do, we can then say our weight and we can call this function first.
This upload images.
And you can see over here what you are basically saying in this function, if the main category is not
equal to the select main category, it means the user successfully choose a category, right?
So if it is not equal to this category and the category is not equal to subcategory, it means the user
has successfully choose a category.
And if the form is valid, we first want to save the firm.
And also we are checking if the image is not empty.
If it is not empty, we want to loop over each images and upload it to the Firebase Storage.
And then after we are getting the uploaded images, you can see we are saying that when complete we
want to get the URL to the uploaded images.
So what we can simply do is over this next function, we can then say our it's upload upload images.
Applaud.
Upload.
I think we call upload images and we only can wait for future.
So what we can do, we can make this a future by saying future.
And so it is a type of future.
And this over the OC.
Click back on this.
And after running this function, right?
That is what I basically saying after running this function, then we can then say dot when completes
that is after uploading the images, you can see via what this function basically does is to upload
the images, right?
And after successfully uploading the images, then only we we can just use an arrow function.
Then only we want to call the upload.
Products.
Sorry, upload data.
Function.
Okay.
And this is basically it.
And you can see why we have to get rid of that set state within the upload images function is this you
can see if we did not get rid of that set state, it will upload the images and just clear the fields
it made immediately.
It won't wait for hits to be uploaded in the cloud first or database.
So that was why we have to get rid of that state within the upload images function and you can see why
after it successfully uploads the image.
So the Firebase Storage, we then want to upload the data with all these fields and after uploaded data
we want to set a date.
So we set the images back to zero and we set the subcategory release back to empty and change back.
The main category value to be the default that is select main category.
And also we want to reset all our fields.
That is the price, quantity, product name and product description.
And you can see why this function sees it whole.
You can see why we are saying awaits upload images after uploading the images and after it completes,
we then want to upload the data.
Okay.
I think this is more clear by bit, Claire.
And now we have to get rid of.
This function of via.
I think we have a function.
Okay.
We do no longer need to call this what we have.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Upload, function, upload products that is dysfunctional via.
Right.
Okay.
This country.
And as to save.
And go try this out yourself.
Click on the gallery.
Gallery.
I think it's taking longer to.
Open.
Okay.
I'm just going to select shoes.
Shoes?
Sorry.
Is only.
And.
Select.
Okay.
And select me in category.
Four men.
Subcategory.
I do not have an issue.
Okay.
I'm just going to say.
Maybe shoes.
And I do not have any category yet for that.
You can just add that.
Okay.
I'm just going to go with a.
Women.
And for the subcategory.
I think we do not have that either.
We can just say either order and for the price this is going to say maybe five or $50.
The quantity we have five and the product name is just going to say our shoes.
In the future will we upload our products and for the description, just type something gibberish and
now click on.
Applaud and go check some inner.
New Terminer to see what's going on there.
Okay.
We have no errors.
And go to this and back to data to see if that new product collection has been created.
Okay.
Not yet.
Go back and check what's happening.
I think we have this error.
Okay.
Let's see what's happening there.
On.
What we can just do is we start this.
Or should we start then?
And we have to wait for the process to finish.
And then we can try again.
Try again?
Okay.
Products.
And.
I'm just going to pick something.
Okay?
Maybe this.
Okay.
So let's.
And five, five, five.
Something gibberish and tap.
Something gibberish and upload.
And go check it out.
Okay.
We tend to sign in first.
You can see saying we should sign in first.
I think that should be where the error should be coming from.
Or let's just wait.
Okay.
That is where the hair is coming from.
So what you have to do now is to.
Changed black because it can't locate.
You can see why we are calling the firebase firebase dot instance that current user ID and definitely
is going to be no right.
You can see no check operator use on it, no value because you're calling this when there is no log
in user.
So what you have to do now is to change back this to.
Okay.
The initial route to say a.
Maybe seller login screen and you have to log in in order to upload products, right?
Because currently you are calling the Firebase ODS when the user is not currently logged in.
Okay.
Do that.
Then in the next lecture, we are going to continue from there.
But before then, you can just check the collections over here.
You're going to see new collections called Products.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.